[Music]
[Applause]
hi Rosie friends its Julie and it is
giveaway time I have been waiting to do
this giveaway for some time now and I
have not had the opportunity but I'm
really excited to do it now because it's
a good one I'm really kind of proud of
this one for what I was able to gather
together and it is a combination of
things that I have found and that I
purchased myself
just to give away to you guys just to
keep things fun as well as one of my
favorite companies one of my favorite
brands also heard that I was going to be
doing this giveaway and they offered to
toss in some of their stuff as well so
this ended up being a really fun
giveaway and I know that some of the
ones that I've done in the past have
focused on skincare or other skin
products even a few little cosmetics
type things and that's a really
difficult area for those of us with
rosacea because we can't all use the
products that go on our faces or you
might be hesitant if you're already even
found something that's working for you
you might be hesitant to switch it up so
I thought that I would break away from
that just for now I will go back to it
because I still love sharing things but
you guys can try out because you might
find something that works fantastically
for you but I thought I would shake
things up just a little bit from my
normal trend and go to another area that
I have focused on in previous videos and
that is hair mine is soaking wet right
now I have it kind of in a little bit of
a bun to keep it from soaking my shirt
at the moment because I just could have
a shower but I thought that it would be
a little bit fun to go in that direction
because a lot more of us can actually
tie a whole range of different kinds of
haircare products then we can products
for our faces like masks and stuff like
that so without further ado I will get
started and begin with the very first
product that I actually got that it was
a serious score and so I have a Conair
curling iron it is an instant heat
curling iron
it has sexy it heats up in 60 seconds it
has 20 different heat settings it has
it's the cool tip time so this black
part
here as long as it's not reflecting too
much this part here you can actually
hold on to it so that's always nice you
don't have to work love or like just
avoid it altogether it also has the cord
is one of those ones that swivels on its
own so it doesn't end up as you're
curling all the time it doesn't end up
getting that coiled up thing that's so
unbelievably annoying with a lot of
products like this and it's the clip
kind so it does have this thingy here so
that when you wrap your hair around you
clip it and then you wait so oh four
five eighths of an inch trying to zoom
on that one but yeah so this is product
number one a curling iron since of all
things so yeah this will do a whole pile
of different kinds of styles and things
if you love curling your hairs and you
can never have enough of these and
hopefully that's something that you will
absolutely love and use all the time the
next thing is I'm hoping I won't have to
take this out of the package because I
like leaving things in there an original
package when I do give the way it's
these little coyly things there we go
and these are actually hair ties and
they are meant to be hair ties that will
not hurt your hair they won't damage
your hair they won't leave a little
dents says they are traceless pain-free
invisible and waterproof there are
really really cool little things and
there are three of them in this little
cube and basically use them like a
regular hair tie a regular hair elastic
except that it won't hurt you and it
won't hurt your hair
these are apparently the latest thing in
hair ties and I thought it might be fun
if I tell to box with them in with this
giveaway so that you could give them a
try too and save your hair from a little
bit of damage don't next in the sort of
styling department saris well I have
this really nifty kind of headband it
has two let's see I can get it to focus
again there we go
it has two gold chains and some pearls
and then it's got the back of it is is
stretchy elastic and so it's just a
hairband like that it's super pretty
it's super dainty it would be great for
the summertime it you could dress up a
look with it or you could dress down a
look with it you could just look beachy
or you could actual
go somewhere somewhat fancy with it I
just thought that was really just a
lovely little thing where so I thought I
would pick that up and add it to the box
as well finally the gifts that was given
to you guys from my one of my favorite
brands SBT seabuckthorn you've heard me
talk about them so much you've heard me
talk about their shampoo their cleansers
their soaps their creams everything you
just know that I'm a huge fan and by the
way this is not sponsored at all but
this was a gift to add to this giveaway
and that is the SBT sea buckthorn
lavender shampoo and lavender
conditioner and that is in the full-size
bottles this is not sample size these
are the huge ones they're twelve ounces
are 350 milliliters for those of us who
two milliliters the nice big bottle it
will last quite a long time this is a
shampoo that I use this is a shampoo
that wash my hair right before I did
this video I absolutely loved it and I
think that it's great for us for two
very specific reasons the first is that
well I shower at night and I love the
scent of lavender at night time because
it's known to be very soothing it has
aroma therapeutic properties to calm me
down to relax you and to help promote
sleep I think that's really important I
struggle with sleep and sleep is one of
the best ways to help overcome your
rosacea symptoms so if you're not
getting enough sleep you are prone to
more flare-ups you're prone to more skin
irritation you're prone to more
inflammation all things we don't want so
the more sleep you can get or the better
sleep you can get a better chance your
skin has so I find washing my hair with
something that smells like lavender is a
soothing experience it helps me wind
down and go to sleep and have better
skin and the other thing is that if it
could even serve it right on here there
it is
yep it says SBT sea buckthorn
therapeutic lavender shampoo contains
lavender essential oil to promote new
hair growth and prevent shedding by
increasing increasing blood circulation
to the scalp SBT sea buckthorn oils with
other nourishing botanicals lock in
color by strengthening the hair shaft
and supply valuable nutrients to the
scalp and hair what I found very very
interesting about that is that it helps
to prepare your scalp to
grow new hair to stop you from losing
hair and it strengthens the hair that
you do have and for those of us with
rosacea many of us actually go through
times where we can actually lose our
hair from as a part of our skin
condition rosacea can actually cause you
to suffer from certain kinds of loc Co
where you actually lose hair this can be
something that happens just as a regular
cycle of your hair can happen once every
few years I can be terrifying and it can
make you feel very ugly because when you
lose your hair you are not feeling like
you look your best and it's it's very
disconcerting you don't want to run your
fingers through your hair and have a
whole pile of it come out I have gone
through this I've talked to a number of
you who have gone through this I've
treated mine with light therapy but I
also helped to prevent it from coming
back with this lavender shampoo and
conditioner I normally stockpile it
whenever I have a sale I always keep it
on hand I really love the shampoo and
conditioner and so when I contacted this
company I was just going to buy sample
sizes of it and I told them what I was
doing and they have always treated me so
wonderfully and what they said was how
about instead of you buying some samples
we just send you these and you can then
add them to your giveaway for your Rosie
friends and I was not going to turn that
down so I felt wonderful from that and I
feel wonderful for being able to add
these to the giveaway so thank you very
much yes BT sea buckthorn for this
wonderful gift for one of my rosy
friends and I hope you guys are as
excited as I am about this I'm going to
because this is a big box and it's going
to be expensive to ship and it comes out
of my own pocket I'm going to be opening
this to Canada and the United States
will put all the terms and conditions
and everything in the description like I
always do it's always super easy I will
never ask you for money not even for
shipping nothing you won't be asked for
a credit card or anything if somebody
contacts you if not me
so yep all you need to do to link part
is to comment in the description for
this video and say which of these
products are you most excited to win
which of them are you most excited to
give a try so just comment in this video
and please make sure that you are
subscribe to this channel as well
because that is how I will be able to
contact you if you win if you would like
additional wings to take part and to try
to win then I am also on Facebook and
Twitter and Instagram I will make sure
that all of those links are available in
the description below so if you go there
and you follow me or like me on those
platforms then you can also comment
there I'll make sure that there is a
photo of the prizes so that there is
somewhere for you to comment and just
comment there and tell me which of these
products are most exciting to you which
ones are you looking forward to winning
oh yeah so I think this is a really good
gameplay I think that this is something
that we can all use because even if we
can't use certain products on our face
most products we can use on our hair so
that's really great again really
grateful that these were gifted as well
you ended up with a far better gameplay
with the participation of SVTC before
and then you would have had if it was
just from me and yeah so I hope you like
this video I hope you like to giveaway
that I put together if you did please
give it a thumbs up and if you want to
see more videos like this more giveaways
or videos where I try out different
products and rosacea skincare strategies
and things like that I hope you'll
subscribe to my channel I make new
videos every Sunday and most thursdays
and other than that i'll see you next
time
[Music]